Data Analysis (EDA): This tool automates processed data (training dataset) analysis and relation to the target variable. The report is generated during model training for each solution. Given the potentially wide feature space, up to 20 of the most important features with the highest statistical significance are selected for data analysis based on machine learning modeling. The data analysis tool is available on the My Solution page found via the "Data Analysis" button. EDA contains the following sections:
1.Dataset overview: displays brief data statistics of your training dataset and provides the following information: problem type, dataset dimension, missing values, and record number.
2. Continuous data distribution and relation to the target variable: Visualization of each continuous variable yields two plots:
3. Variable density distribution chart: A Density plot visualizes the distribution of data across all rows in the dataset. This chart is a variation of a histogram that uses kernel smoothing to plot values, allowing smoother distributions by smoothing out the noise. The peaks of a Density plot help to display where values are concentrated over the interval.
4. Feature relation to the target variable: (different for regression and classification task types) this chart is presented in one of the following two formats: line chart, indicating the continuous variable changes with the changes in the continuous target variable (regression task type), or histogram, showing the mean continuous variable value for each of the classes of the target variable (classification task type).
5. Feature correlations: Visualization of the correlations in the data yields two plots:
5.1 Heatmap: displaying the binary correlation of the 10 most important variables between each other and with the target variable (the 10 most important features are selected based on the binary correlation of the features with the target variable);
5.2 Histogram: displaying the level of high mutual correlation between independent variable pairs. Pairs are selected if the value of their mutual correlation exceeds 0.7.
6. Target variable distribution: Visualization of the target variable statistics is presented in one of the two formats:
6.1 Violin plot: displaying the distribution, median, and outliers in the target variable (regression task type);
6.2 Histogram/count plot: displaying the number and percentage of each of the target classes throughout the whole dataset (classification task type).
7. Outliers: visualization of the outliers in the data.