Getting started:

Upload training/holdout dataset: Select "Click to upload .csv or .zip file" and browse to the file location on your hard drive (or drag & drop). During the uploading process platform checks the dataset. If you see an error message you should verify the dataset and upload it again. When the file is successfully uploaded you will see a green check mark. When the file is uploaded you can preview the selected dataset in the web interface using the "lens" icon. To go to the next steps, press "OK". The file name must not contain the following characters: !/[+!@#$%^&\*,. ?":{}\\\\/\|\<\>()[]]. If you upload a file with these characters, the platform will automatically rename the file to remove invalid characters from the name and inform you about it. When uploading a file, the platform checks the uniqueness of the file name. If a file with the same name has already been uploaded, the platform will offer to rename the newly uploaded file. For optimal storage usage, it is recommended to upload a file to the platform once and then select it from the storage.

Selection of Uploaded Datasets: user can select one of the existing datasets by navigating to a dataset that has been previously uploaded:

Preloaded Use Cases: Select one of the preloaded datasets by choosing the "Preloaded Use Cases" tab and navigate to the dataset that has been preloaded with Neuton.
To view information about the dataset, click on the corresponding question mark icon "?". If a preloaded use case is selected, all settings are preconfigured and not editable.

Target and sessions columns definition: after the training dataset has been defined you should specify the target column and sessions’ column (If applicable).

Session ID: The Session ID column in a dataset is used to describe a time-continuous process, such as readings from sensors over time. It helps in separating different sessions or instances within the dataset, allowing for more precise and concise model creation. Including a Session ID column can enhance the model's accuracy by providing context about the sequence of data points. While it's not mandatory to specify a Session ID column, doing so can be beneficial if your dataset involves time-series data or processes that need to be distinguished by session. It ultimately depends on the nature of your data and the specific requirements of your analysis. If you have a session_id attribute in your data, use a "Session ID" radio button to identify this column in the "Dataset" tab.

Removing Features: To exclude some features from the training dataset, mark the check box for the appropriate feature name in the “Remove variables” section. The model will not train on the excluded data. If you select variables to delete, they will be deleted both in the training dataset and in the validation dataset automatically.

Holdout validation: To enable holdout validation and specify the dataset for it, turn on the switch button near holdout validation. With the holdout dataset specified the training process will happen in the same way as without the holdout dataset but after model training completion, in addition to the cross validation metrics, metrics will be calculated on the holdout dataset you uploaded. It means that the train dataset will be used for training (100% of data) and the holdout dataset will be used for test. The holdout validation dataset must be in the same format as the training dataset. If holdout validation is not enabled, in this case Neuton automatically split the training dataset into train and valid in the proportion 80/20. It means that 80% of the train dataset is used for training, and 20% of the train dataset is used for test. Sessions (if present in data and identified on the platform) are unique in the train and valid portions of data.

Signal Processing (SP) option enables automatic processing of raw data and features extraction for data from gyroscopes, accelerometers, magnetometers, electromyography (EMG), etc. This option transforms the signal data into a vector with a specified window size, and also enables users to generate additional variables of their choice.

For Signal Processing, the type of normalization will be:
- Features created in Feature Extraction will be normalized within their own scale
- Raw data will be normalized within the scale of each variable/axis from which they were extracted

The status 'Data preprocessed - Action needed' means that something noteworthy occurred during preprocessing that requires your attention. You should review the results and decide whether to proceed with training.