How to get started: The Neuton platform is absolutely free for developers from around the globe. Registration on the platform is a super easy since only a Google account is required. Click on the "Start for free" button in the upper right corner of the website. You will be redirected to Neuton’s welcome page. Simply sign in with Google or create an account, if you don’t have one yet. You’re in the test-drive version, which allows you to explore preloaded datasets or build your own model with preloaded data.

How to subscribe to Zero Gravity: If you want to start building ML models with your own data, set up a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account and subscribe to Neuton's unlimited Zero Gravity plan. After subscribing, you will also be able to use the platform absolutely free, paying only Google's infrastructure costs: https://neuton.dev/#pricing. Follow the instructions below to set up your Google Cloud Platform account and subscribe.

How to set up GCP account: 
Step 1: Set Google Cloud Billing - To subscribe, prepare a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account with active billing. If you need help on how to set up billing, refer to the following explainer video: https://youtu.be/JwOuc6FcSLk. Then point to your billing account if you have an active billing account, or create a new one if necessary. To create it, click the "Create Account" button and follow the steps as noted in the GCP workflow. Google will ask you to provide your credit card details to make sure you are not a robot. 
Step 2: Prepare a Google Account: Create a project to manage activities in Neuton here: https://console.cloud.google.com/projectselector2. How to link the billing account: Click the "Change billing" button in the "Actions" option for the Neuton project. Then select and set your active billing account: https://youtu.be/774BSkpopik
Step 3: Subscribe for a Free Zero Gravity Plan: Zero Gravity plan is a free plan that allows you to build an unlimited number of models. Read more: https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/bellintegrator-public/neuton-automl
On the page that is displayed, click "View all plans". Select "Subscribe" to a Zero Gravity plan. Mark the check box for the automatic renewal of the subscription and click "Subscribe". To activate the subscription, click "Register with Bell Integrator" and sign in to Neuton again. <https://youtu.be/5M1HO23lw5E>