what does the subscribtion cost?
To run experiments on your data, subscribe to our free Zero Gravity plan. To get the cost of our Enterprise plan, please fill out the following form: <https://neuton.ai/contactus>.

i cant find neuton.c and neuton.h files  
On the Zero Gravity plan, only precompiled libraries are available in the `./neuton/lib` folder. The source code (Neuton.c) file is available only on the Enterprise plan.

will the zero gravity plan c downloadable files is supported by arduino nano ble 33 sense  
We do not support Arduino on the Zero Gravity plan at the moment. Arduino compatibility will appear in upcoming releases of the platform.

how to enable tinyML ?
TinyML is a core of the platform, and there is no need to enable it. However, Neuton has a Digital Signal Processing option that helps you to preprocess raw data, which is necessary for tinyML use cases.

how to use audio data?  
Neuton.ai currently does not support audio data.

Can you self host the neuton trainer?  
Users can train models only using the Neuton.ai cloud platform.

does neuton allow to train images?  
Unfortunately no, but working with images is included in our roadmap.

can I use my own model architecture?
Neuton Neural Network Framework provides automatic neuron-by-neuron network structure growth, and allows for minimum-size models with excellent generalizing capability, and without a loss of accuracy. Neuton does not require predifined architecture definition, thus no network architecture input option is required/available.

Your model training service seems to be cloud-based only. Do you provide it for on-prem servers as well?
At the moment we don't provide such services. However, we suggest you fill out the following form: <https://neuton.ai/contactus> (<https://neuton.ai/contactus>), to meet and discuss it in more detail.

Are the 8-bit models more accurate than the 16-bit ones. 
There is no such dependence. In many cases, the metrics of an 8-bit model may differ slightly from a 16-bit one, while the model itself will be more compact.

Are the floating-point models more accurate than the integer-only ones?
It depends on the data. The model accuracy may remain the same or increase in the float-based model. It is more important that the integer-based model turns out to be more compact.

why there are two numbers in the precision results  
When binary classification is used, the platform presents metrics for both classes.

What kinds of datasets does your approach work on?
We work with time series sensor datat the moment. The images and audio data processing are in our roadmap. However, if your data is represented as numeric values, such as the MNIST dataset, you can train it on the platform.

is it possible to run the c library generated on an arduino mega 2560?
For other Arduino boards, you need to adapt the c library.

When selecting the sampling window, does the data get windowed in 1d or 2d?
The data gets windowed in 1d.

Can I also upload data that is not csv?
You can upload your sensor data only in a .csv format or a zip archive with a single .csv dataset inside.

Is there a sample around how the data should be formatted when having multiple features?
The data should be labeled and placed in one .csv file. Please, refer to our user guide for details: <https://neuton.ai/st/95-dataset-requirements.html> (<https://neuton.ai/st/95-dataset-requirements.html>). You can also check our Use Cases section (<https://lab.neuton.ai/#/cases>) on the platform.

hello, how can I close the account?
To close your account you need to disable the billing account for your Neuton-related project in GCP. You can do it here: <https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects>

For testing in Neuton, should I combine all CSV files for a given feature into one?
Yes, this is the only way you can feed the data on the platform.  

Should there be a timestamp column in the data or not?
nope, you can and should exclude it, because no signal-defining features could be extracted from timestamp.

Is it necessary to explicitly specify the start and end of each sample in the data, or can the system infer this information from patterns?
In case each CSV contains continuous measurements of a single activity - you should add a ‘target’ column to indicate that activity. So for example your first CSV contains readings of running and you’ve been collecting only the accelerometer data. In this case you should add a column ‘target’ which will indicate the integer code for running. In this case, your dataset will have 4 columns: acc_x, acc_y, acc_z, and target. And the target will all be the same in this particular dataset indicating that all this data reflects the running activity. When you concatenate all your activities (don’t shuffle any of the data) into a single dataset - based on the target column and the ‘window’ value the platform will sort everything else out automatically.

How do I upload test data to validate against?  
To enable holdout validation and upload a holdout validation dataset - turn on the toggle near holdout validation on the Dataset tab. After the model training completion, metrics will be calculated on the holdout dataset. The holdout validation dataset must be in the same format (same column names) as the training dataset.

im going my training on a runpod, using a docker image with jupyter, is there an access point for your service that will allow me to connect directly or do i have to store my files on google and push them through that way?
Neuton.ai currently does not provide API access for training. You need to use the platform.

How do I start training on the Neuton platform?
To start training, you must manually upload the dataset to the Neuton platform and configure the solution.

What should I do if I have any questions?
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. We will be happy to help!

How do I use the solution I downloaded on an Arduino?
You can find a guide here: <https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html> At present, the project - <https://neuton.ai/news/projects/113-ultra-tiny-solution-of-daily-activities-recognition.html> works with Nicla Sense ME without improvements. For other Arduino boards, you need to adapt the c library.

Hi I am trying to upload previous loaded .cvs file for training dataset, but now your system shows error. Can you tell me why?
According to our logs, your dataset has not enough samples. For your experiment (window size = 128), you need at least 6400 rows of samples in your dataset. 451 rows are not enough for Neuton to process the dataset. However, you can try to reduce the window size and repeat your experiment. Also, judging by our logs, the target variable is represented with only one class instead of two. We recommend you add the second possible outcome to your target variable.

Hi, does work on arm only or can run the generated library on my intel cpu?
Under the Zero Gravity plan, we offer a downloadable C library compatible with the following platforms: Cortex M0, Cortex M4, Cortex M33, STMicro ISPU, and Microchip-8 series. For more details, you can refer to our pricing page here: https://neuton.ai/#pricing. To run inference on an intel cpu (PC) you can use the inference_runner CLI tool located in the artifacts directory in the downloadable archive.

is there a tutorial on how to integrate Neuton in stm32 ispu?
Follow the README.md file in the X-CUBE-ISPU expansion package (en.x-cube-ispu.zip\Ispu\) for the development environment setup.

I wanted to follow up on a question I submitted through your contact us page regarding getting a pre-compiled library for the ARC EM4 mcu.
We usually do not offer such services to non-enterprise customers. We will be happy to meet and learn about the project you are working on. Please feel free to contact us. We will be happy to help!

I have a question about the neuton libraries available under the Zero Gravity plan. Are they available only for the cortex M4 and the cortex M0?
Under the Zero Gravity plan, we offer a downloadable C library compatible with the following platforms: Cortex M0, Cortex M4, Cortex M33, STMicro ISPU, and Microchip-8 series. For more details, you can refer to our pricing page here: https://neuton.ai/#pricing.

how I can see the models footprint running on an ispu? I can only see m4 and m0.
Unfortunately, this feature is still in development. However, you can view the total footprint by embedding the model in the STMicro ISPU.

When I link the neuton's libneuton_arm_cm4.a with my project, I get errors like: uses VFP register arguments, firmware.elf does not. Is there a way to overcome this?
answer
It seems like yours is compiled with mfloat-abi=softfp and there could be a mismatch because of that. Our library is compiled with -mfloat-abi=hardfp, but Arduino by default compiled with mfloat-abi=softfp, that's why you have this mismatch-mthumb-mcpu=cortex-m4-mfloat-abi=hard-mfpu=fpv4-sp-d16.

Hi, can I use neuton to run on ESP32?  
Absolutely. 

Can I upload data for you to do modelling?  
Absolutely. Could you kindly provide details about your data and the specific task you are attempting to accomplish? Please use support@neuton.ai for further communication.

My trial test ended and I stopped my tests before the ending of the testing period. Why do I get such a high bill from you?
According to Google Cloud Free Program, the Free Trial ends when you use all of your credit, or after 90 days, whichever happens first. However, if you upgrade your Cloud Billing account to a paid one before the trial is over, you can continue to use the resources you created during the Free Trial without interruption. For resources you use in excess of what's covered by any remaining credit, your form of payment on file is charged (credit card or bank account). It's worth noting that Neuton is completely free and won't charge you for anything. We recommend that you check whether you have upgraded your Cloud Billing account to the paid version or not. If you were charged despite not upgrading your account, we strongly advise you to contact Google support for assistance.

could you tell me why my training stopped? 
Typically, such errors happen if the requirements for the dataset are not met. Based on our logs, your window size is 52. This means that your data (time series) must contain consecutive readings first from one class, then from another class, then from the third class and so on; and when a window of 52 is applied to the dataset, it will capture consecutive sensor readings for 52 rows of one event many times, then of another event and so forth. The log says that the preprocessed dataset contains 0 records. This usually means that the original data does not have a single event where sensor readings for any class contained a consecutive number of records of window size (52 in your case). 

i want my model for arduino uno but the only two options estimated here are for arm cortex
Currently, customizations are only available on the Enterprise plan (https://neuton.ai/#pricing). However, we are actively working on integrating with Arduino and hope to make it available on the platform in future releases.

is it possible i train the model myself and upload it?
To train a machine learning model using your data, you will need to sign up for our Zero Gravity plan. Here's a guide on how to do so: <https://neuton.ai/st/87-how-to-subscribe-to-neuton.html>. Unfortunately, it is not possible to upload your own model to the platform. However, we suggest trying out our platform to create ultra-tiny machine learning models.

any deployment tutorial?
Sure, you can find a Readme file in the downloadable archive. The tutorial is also presented here: <https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html> (<https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html>)

my device is cortex m3 , is it possible to use neuton? cause i getting error when adding the m0/m4 lib
Sorry for the wait. Our Zero Gravity plan (<https://neuton.ai/#pricing> (<https://neuton.ai/#pricing>)) offers a downloadable C library for Cortex M0, Cortex M4, and STMicro ISPU. If you're looking for other customization options or different libraries, you may be interested in our Enterprise plan. To learn more and express your interest, please fill out the form at <https://neuton.ai/contactus> (<https://neuton.ai/contactus>).

I have the database, how to apply  
If you want to upload data for model training, you need to prepare your data in CSV format. You can find more information about the dataset requirements by visiting this URL: <https://neuton.ai/st/95-dataset-requirements.html>. You can also find guidance on how to upload your data at this URL: <https://neuton.ai/st/96-data-uploading-and-setup.html>.

I have already set up a billing account. Why does Neuton keep telling me to set up an account in order to upload data?
To subscribe to our Zero Gravity Plan, you need to subscribe to Neuton in the Google Cloud Marketplace.

Hello, is there any docs that I can follow to try the model in raspberry pi 4?
Please refer to our user guide at <https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html> (<https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html>). Please note that our Zero Gravity plan only offers downloadable C libraries for Cortex M0, Cortex M4, and STMicro ISPU.

So for Cortex-A72, will it be available on other plans?
Sure, kindly fill out this form <https://neuton.ai/contactus> (<https://neuton.ai/contactus>) and the team will respond as soon as they can.

Is there any forum, where I can ask questions specific to my problem?
Unfortunately, we don't have any forums, but you can ask any questions related to the Neuton platform here or write to support@neuton.ai

Can I test this code on my desktop?
If you want to run inference on your PC, it is possible. Please refer to the user guide available at <https://neuton.ai/st/111-desktop-executable-prediction.html> (<https://neuton.ai/st/111-desktop-executable-prediction.html>).

After training, how to see the Neural Network Structure  
We do not provide the option to view or manually edit the Neural Network Structure.

Can i use ESP32 Cam to detect fish movements
Unfortunately, ESP32-CAM cannot be utilized with Neuton as the platform is not designed to support video data.

How to subscribe for free?  
Please refer to our detailed guide <https://neuton.ai/st/87-how-to-subscribe-to-neuton.html> for instructions on subscribing to our free Zero Gravity plan.

I'm having some problems integrating the C library into the Arduino IDE. Can you help me or explain in detail how I need to include the library correctly.
Unfortunately, we do not currently offer support for the Arduino IDE, which may be the reason for the issue you are experiencing.

Which development environments do you support? Can I use the C library with Visual Studio Code to program the Arduino Nano 33?
While we don't currently support native integration with the Arduino environment, if you are able to link our library yourself, you should be able to make it work for Arduino Nano 33.

I got a message that "Creation of the neural network structure for CPWatcher has completed" and after that "Training stopped", do I need to do anything in order to continue?
We are pleased to hear that you were able to successfully train the model with such high accuracy. You can proceed to the Results tab on the platform to access training results and download the trained model archive.

Why my training always get stopped  
Your dataset does not have enough samples for each class. Ideally, there should be at least 20 samples for each of the classes. Additionally, your dataset has already been preprocessed, so there is no need to use the Digital Signal Processing (DSP) option when selecting training settings. You need to add more samples for each class and disable the DSP option when selecting training settings. Once you have made these changes, you can start training again.

Do you have any idea about how do I use neuton_nn_setup() in arduino?
Please check out our user guide on how to embed Neuton's models: <https://neuton.ai/st/101-run-inference-on-the-mcu.html>. However, please note that our Zero Gravity plan only provides a downloadable C library for Cortex M0, Cortex M4, and STMicro ISPU, but not the Source code. Additionally, we don't currently support native integration with the Arduino environment.

How do I use the model on atmega128rfa1 MCU?
If you're interested in more customization options or different libraries, you may want to consider upgrading to our Enterprise plan. To learn more and express your interest, please fill out the form at <https://neuton.ai/contactus>.

do I need to have a google cloud platform account with active billing to upload the dataset?
Absolutely, please refer to our user guide at <https://neuton.ai/st/87-how-to-subscribe-to-neuton.html> (<https://neuton.ai/st/87-how-to-subscribe-to-neuton.html>) for detailed instructions on how to register.

are you using pruning?
Neuton is based on a unique patented machine learning algorithm that forgoes error backpropagation and stochastic gradient descent, growing the network structure neuron by neuron. This helps to build neural networks without compromising between accuracy and size:, with the excellent generalizing capability; with minimal size, often less than 1 Kb; without loss of accuracy; without compression techniques. Neuton models maintain all of their original characteristics, without any reduction of accuracy. Neuton does not reduce the model size after its creation. Neuton does not use quantization, pruning, clustering, nor distillation.

i have a problem including the neuton library in the arduino ide. I need the procedure to include the library in ide.
While we don't currently support native integration with the Arduino environment, if you can link our library yourself, you should be able to make it work for Arduino. We plan to include support for the Arduino environment in our forthcoming updates.

Is there a way to retrain the same model from the inference runner executable?
The Inference Runner Executable enables you to validate the results of the model's inference without requiring implementation on the Edge device exclusively. If you intend to retrain the model, you'll need to create a new solution and conduct the training process anew. Also, you can copy your existing solution to avoid reconfiguring the same settings.

Is there any positive and negative coefficient show in the model?  
The structure of the model is not revealed on the platform because Neuton is a proprietary neural network framework. However, you can assess the number of coefficients in the trained model on the platform's Results tab.

do this cost any money?  
In order to upload your datasets to our platform and perform experiments on them, you will need to subscribe to our Zero Gravity plan. Subscribing involves entering your credit card details on the Google Cloud platform website. However, if you create a new Google Cloud platform account, you will be eligible for up to $500 in credits to help cover your infrastructure costs. Once you have subscribed, you will be able to use the platform for free, paying only for Google's infrastructure costs.

I would like to know if we can use Neuton to create a model and put it into our product, it is a smart ring and we are a start-up, we are planning to sell the smart ring to our customers, is the Free Plan sufficient?
We would love to consult you personally. Please drop us a message using the contact us form and we will get back to you promptly. https://neuton.ai/contactus

Hey anyway how can i integrate my model to micropython?
Our model is run by using a C API. If you're able to call our model API using C from MicroPython using some subprocess, you can receive predictions by providing sensor data to the Neuton library. In the model archive, there's an "inference_runner" folder which includes a CLI tool for getting predictions. Try running it using a subprocess from MicroPython and then update us on how it went.

Is input[0] meant to be ax and field 6 is irrelevant? Is input[0] irrelevant and input[6] gz?  
Did you by chance have an index column in your dataset? E.g.: If you are working with 6 axis then your dataset should have 7 columns: acc_x, acc_y, acc_z, gyro_x, gyro_y, gyro_z, target. Regardless of the use-case or the type of sensor data your dataset should not contain an index/timestamp column.

What's the pricing?
In order to upload your datasets to our platform and perform experiments on them, you will need to subscribe to our Zero Gravity plan. You can find detailed instructions on how to subscribe to our plan on our website. Please keep in mind that subscribing involves entering your credit card details on the Google Cloud platform website. However, if you create a new Google Cloud platform account, you will be eligible for up to $300 in credits to help cover your infrastructure costs. Once you have subscribed, you will be able to use the platform for free, paying only for Google's infrastructure costs. Moreover, If you need additional customization options or different libraries for your specific environments/devices, you may find our Enterprise plan more suitable. To learn more and indicate your interest, please fill out the form at our contact page.

can i upload data in pdf and other text formats, or can neuton fetch pdfs from my google drive to learn before responding?
Neuton currently accepts data in the .csv format.

how can neuton help me set up a neural network to predict anticompetitive behaviour by plcs?
Neuton offers sophisticated features for developing precise and highly compact models using sensor data for EDGE devices. 

hello, is there any host other than google for infrastructure costs?  
At the moment, we are exclusively working with Google Cloud Platform.

Where is the HQ of neuton.ai  
Our headquarters is located at 6200 Stoneridge Mall Rd Ste 300, Pleasanton, CA 94588, USA.

is it free all time ?
In order to upload your datasets to our platform and perform experiments on them, you will need to subscribe to our Zero Gravity plan. Once you have subscribed, you will be able to use the platform for free, paying only for Google's infrastructure costs.

Is there mobile version of neuton ai  
Our platform is currently designed for desktop use and does not support a mobile version at this time.

I want to set the windowing value to number of rows, but it was disabled. Is there any format to use it?
The 'number of rows' option is available only for enterprise plan users. Please use the 'time interval' option or guided setup instead.

can this app solve coding errors?
Neuton TinyML is not specifically designed to solve coding errors. Its primary focus is on developing machine learning models for edge devices, which can be used in a variety of applications but not directly for debugging or fixing coding errors in software development.

Hello, I no longer use this account. Could you please delete it?
To close your account, you'll need to disable billing for your Neuton-related project in GCP. You can do this by visiting the following link: https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/projects

how can i try a pretrained model  
To try a pretrained model on the Neuton platform, you can start by exploring the test-drive version, which is free for developers worldwide. Here's how you can get started: Registration: Sign up on the Neuton platform using your Google account. Simply click on the "Start for free" button on the website. Explore Preloaded Datasets: Once registered, you can explore preloaded datasets available on the platform. This allows you to understand how models are built and tested. To run experiments on your data, subscribe to our free Zero Gravity plan. Here is a guide on how to do it: https://neuton.ai/st/87-how-to-subscribe-to-neuton.html. Here is a short video explaining how to work with audio data: https://youtu.be/mMsMSp6LkVE. Here you can find the dataset requirements: https://neuton.ai/st/95-dataset-requirements.html#audio.